README.md, before:

# Aircraft Icons

Aircraft icons for use in traffic display applications.


# License

This icon set is licensed under the Apache License 2.0.
It may be used commercially, modified, and redistributed, as long as the copyright notice is preserved.
More information: Apache License 2.0.


# Technical Information

All icons are...
* centered.
* share the viewBox="0 0 32 32".
* use teplate variables for {fillColor} and {strokeColor}.


# Icons Overview


| **Filename**          | **Type**         | **Example**       |
|-----------------------|------------------|-------------------|
| AIRSHIP               | Lighter than Air | Airship           |
| AISA_LARGE            | Ship             | Large Ship        |
| AISA_SMALL            | Ship             | Ship              |
| AISB                  | Ship             | Small Boat        |
| BALLOON               | Lighter than Air | Balloon           |
| DEFAULT               | Default          | Default           |
| FIGHTER               | Plane            | Fighter           |
| GLIDER                | Plane            | Glider            |
| GYROCOPTER            | Gyro             | Gyrocopter        |
| HANGGLIDER            | Human            | Paraglider        |
| HELICOPTER_MEDIUM     | Helicopter       | Heli              |
| HELICOPTER_SMALL      | Helicopter       | UHEL              |
| L1J_SMALL             | Plane            | Cirrus Vision     |
| L1P_MEDIUM            | Plane            | PC12              |
| L1P_SMALL             | Plane            | C172              |
| L2J_LARGE             | Plane            | B777, A350        |
| L2J_MEDIUM            | Plane            | A320              |
| L2J_MEDIUM_TAILENGINE | Plane            | Rear Engine Jet   |
| L2J_SMALL_TAILENGINE  | Plane            | C25A              |
| L2P_LARGE             | Plane            | C160              |
| L2P_SMALL             | Plane            | DA42              |
| L3J_LARGE             | Plane            | MD11              |
| L3J_MEDIUM            | Plane            | FA7X              |
| L4J_LARGE             | Plane            | B747              |
| L4J_MEDIUM            | Plane            | AVRO              |
| L4P_LARGE             | Plane            | C130              |
| MOTORGLIDER           | Plane            | Motorglider       |
| OBSTRUCTION_CLUSTER   | Obstruction      | Obstacle Cluster  |
| OBSTRUCTION_FIX       | Obstruction      | Obstruction Fixed |
| OBSTRUCTION_LINE      | Obstruction      | Obstacle Line     |
| OPERATOR              | Human            |                   |
| PARACHUTE             | Human            | Parachute         |
| PRIMARY_TARGET        | Primary Target   | Primary Target    |
| SCOOTER               | Easteregg        | Scooter           |
| SPACE                 | Space            | Space             |
| SURFACE_EMERGENCY     | Surface Vehicle  | Surface Emergency |
| SURFACE_SERVICE       | Surface Vehicle  | Surface Service   |
| UAV_SMALL             | UAS              | DJI               |


# Non-Rotation Icons

The following icons are usually used without rotation, always facing north:
* OBSTRUCTION_CLUSTER
* OBSTRUCTION_LINE
* OBSTRUCTION_FIX
* SCOOTER
* SURFACE_EMERGENCY
* SURFACE_SERVICE'
* OPERATOR

Commit message:

updated readme with license attribution section

README.md, after:

# Aircraft Icons

Aircraft icons for use in traffic display applications.


# License

This icon set is licensed under the Apache License 2.0.
It may be used commercially, modified, and redistributed, as long as the copyright notice is preserved.
More information: Apache License 2.0.

## Attribution (Complying with Apache 2.0)  

When using these icons in your project, please include the following attribution in your documentation or about section:  

```
Icons provided by Droniq GmbH
https://droniq.de/
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
```

Alternatively, in source files:  

```xml
<!--  
Icons provided by Droniq GmbH  
https://droniq.de/
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0  
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  
-->
```


# Technical Information

All icons are...
* centered.
* share the viewBox="0 0 32 32".
* use teplate variables for {fillColor} and {strokeColor}.


# Icons Overview


| **Filename**          | **Type**         | **Example**       |
|-----------------------|------------------|-------------------|
| AIRSHIP               | Lighter than Air | Airship           |
| AISA_LARGE            | Ship             | Large Ship        |
| AISA_SMALL            | Ship             | Ship              |
| AISB                  | Ship             | Small Boat        |
| BALLOON               | Lighter than Air | Balloon           |
| DEFAULT               | Default          | Default           |
| FIGHTER               | Plane            | Fighter           |
| GLIDER                | Plane            | Glider            |
| GYROCOPTER            | Gyro             | Gyrocopter        |
| HANGGLIDER            | Human            | Paraglider        |
| HELICOPTER_MEDIUM     | Helicopter       | Heli              |
| HELICOPTER_SMALL      | Helicopter       | UHEL              |
| L1J_SMALL             | Plane            | Cirrus Vision     |
| L1P_MEDIUM            | Plane            | PC12              |
| L1P_SMALL             | Plane            | C172              |
| L2J_LARGE             | Plane            | B777, A350        |
| L2J_MEDIUM            | Plane            | A320              |
| L2J_MEDIUM_TAILENGINE | Plane            | Rear Engine Jet   |
| L2J_SMALL_TAILENGINE  | Plane            | C25A              |
| L2P_LARGE             | Plane            | C160              |
| L2P_SMALL             | Plane            | DA42              |
| L3J_LARGE             | Plane            | MD11              |
| L3J_MEDIUM            | Plane            | FA7X              |
| L4J_LARGE             | Plane            | B747              |
| L4J_MEDIUM            | Plane            | AVRO              |
| L4P_LARGE             | Plane            | C130              |
| MOTORGLIDER           | Plane            | Motorglider       |
| OBSTRUCTION_CLUSTER   | Obstruction      | Obstacle Cluster  |
| OBSTRUCTION_FIX       | Obstruction      | Obstruction Fixed |
| OBSTRUCTION_LINE      | Obstruction      | Obstacle Line     |
| OPERATOR              | Human            |                   |
| PARACHUTE             | Human            | Parachute         |
| PRIMARY_TARGET        | Primary Target   | Primary Target    |
| SCOOTER               | Easteregg        | Scooter           |
| SPACE                 | Space            | Space             |
| SURFACE_EMERGENCY     | Surface Vehicle  | Surface Emergency |
| SURFACE_SERVICE       | Surface Vehicle  | Surface Service   |
| UAV_SMALL             | UAS              | DJI               |


# Non-Rotation Icons

The following icons are usually used without rotation, always facing north:
* OBSTRUCTION_CLUSTER
* OBSTRUCTION_LINE
* OBSTRUCTION_FIX
* SCOOTER
* SURFACE_EMERGENCY
* SURFACE_SERVICE'
* OPERATOR
